I gave you the chance long ago
It's you who didn't cherish you.
Let's go back and be your waiter
Liu Yifei likes you
Don't talk nonsense, he's a big star
What if I told you
I also like your kind
Take a taxi back by yourself
Women don't get it.
Chen Beiqun is me
Introduce yourself
I'm Bai Wangchang, the boss of Hengtai Real Estate
Before your father died, he used 100 million to buy a land
Now I like it too
I'll give you three leave.
Hey, give me that brother's filial piety
From now on, you will be the person of my Baiyao soup
I will take you to pretend and take you to fly
I'll give you 3 million
Sell me his land
That you are rich
Wang Kang Lao Tzu killed you
Get the land back
I choose the land and keep the money
Go away
homeowner
This million lives
There are several aristocratic families behind him supporting him
Among them, the Jiang family is the largest aristocratic family
Can't we offend?